Update using-custom-rewrite-providers-with-url-rewrite-module.md (#1069)
MicrosoftDocs/iis-docs: iis/extensions/url-rewrite-module/using-custom-rewrite-providers-with-url-rewrite-module.md

## Install URL Rewrite Extensibility Samples

> In order to complete this walkthrough, download and install URL Rewrite Extensibility Samples. The Extensibility Samples installation package includes .NET assemblies and the source code with full implementation of rewrite providers for the three most common use cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to complete this walkthrough, download and install [IIS URL Rewrite 2.1](https://iis-umbraco.azurewebsites.net/downloads/microsoft/url-rewrite).  IIS URL Rewrite 2.0 is no longer avaialble. The IIS URL Rewrite 2.1 installation package includes .NET assemblies and the source code with full implementation of rewrite providers for the three most common use cases:
```
Thank you @r-V3 for calling this out and your suggestion!

I think it would be better to point the the URL Rewrite 2.1 download page which has valid download links for that version, rather than say folks should install 2.0 but not have a link to point them to.  From what I can disover it looks like 2.0 was indeed removed and 2.1 module made available.

@John-Hart, do you have a different preference for this situation, or happen to know if the URL Rewrite 2.1 samples are still available somewhere.  I chuld not find it.

I did find this public Q&A 2021 note from Sam Wu here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/438658/link-broken-for-rewriteextensibility-msi-for-url-r
